9 pool slow drop lurker (vs. Terran)

Warning: This build is multitask intensive and needs to be modified based on the Terran's build. The goal of this build is to keep the Terran in his base while hurting their scv count and macroing behind the pressure.

Note: Make drones unless otherwise noted.
9 - pool
9 - extractor trick for extra drone
10/9 - use extractor trick drone to scout
10/9 - overlord
10 - 6x lings (3 larvae)
13 - hatchery at expo
Note: At this point you should know where you opponent is. You should send your lings to you opponent to see if you can cause damage. If on the way you have an easy way to kill the scouting scv, do it, otherwise ignore it. You must now re-position your overlords in a safe way. The first overlord should try to get over the opponent's natural for scouting purposes. The second overlord needs to take a long, safe trip around the map to the back ridge of the opponent's base. This second overlord will be used to slow drop lurkers into the opponent's main. Beware! Better Terran will try to find and kill your overlords.
16 - macro hatchery in main
15 - gas in main
@100% hatchery in nat - make sunken colony
Note: This colony is for precautionary reasons. If you see the Terran move out, morph it into a sunken. If the Terran's army is large you will need to add more sunkens and/or lings. Play greedy but play smart. Check out the included replays. Remember opened 2 rax academy which forced 4 sunkens out of maejang at this point. Cookie opened rax expand which allowed maejang to skimp on sunkens. If the Terran moves back to his base and doesn't commit, don't make sunkens from already created sunken colonies.
18 - overlord
@100 gas - lair
@50% lair - hydra den
26 - overlord
@100% hydra den - lurker aspect
@200 gas - ventral sacs (overlord drops)
@50% lurker aspect - start hydra production.
Note: Add overlords as needed
Note: send your first 2-3 hydra out onto the map. Morph them into lurkers in a semi-isolated place. Use these to slow drop.
Note: You next lurkers are for defense.
@100% ventral sacs - pneumatized carapace (overlord speed)
@100% ventral sacs - perform slow drop
@100% ventral sacs - take 3rd expansion
Note: When dropping into main maejang picks a place to burrow his lurkers that can hit scvs, hit the scanner on the cc, and creates advantageous pathing for killing marines.
Note: maejang now transitions into hydra/lurk.
Saturate your main, nat, and 3rd while building lurkers for defense.
Build 2 evolution chambers for hydra upgrades.
@60 supply - Drop 2 lurkers in Terran's main and 2 lurkers in Terran's nat at the same time.